foreign
as I was going up on stage one of my
peers grabbed me and he said hey Carla I
want to tell you something and I said
what and he said I love you
and that just doesn't happen it's wild
but since doing this work not only have
I felt differently somehow it's given
people the permission to be their
authentic selves and be open with me
welcome to the art of accomplishment
where we explore how deepening
connection with ourselves and others
leads to creating the life we want with
enjoyment and ease
all right everybody today I'm speaking
with Carla Pinero Sublette I'm really
excited about this conversation Carla is
the chief marketing officer and Senior
vice president at IBM she's also a
recognized leader in building a better
Society by the Aspen Institute serving
on their Board of Trustees and as a
member of its Henry Crown Fellowship
class of 2016. the following year she
was named a woman to watch by Inc
magazine
wow yeah that's a lot Carla
hi Brett it's good to see you yeah good
to see you too
so tell me a little bit about your
journey and I'd really love to dive into
something in particular that you've
learned about yourself through doing
this work that has impacted your life
and your business and really just
changed your world there are so many
things
um I have to say this work has really
changed my life
both personally and professionally and I
had no idea coming into it how big the
impact would really be uh but I I'm
truly grateful because it is transformed
every aspect of my life and and really
had a very positive impact on the
relationships that I have tell me a
little bit about what what Carla was
like
prior to encountering this particular
form of development of exploration
and what brought you to it what what
brought you here yeah so I was already
at an inflection point leading up to the
work but prior to that inflection point
I would say I was a super intense
individual
Theory driven
very defined by my work and my job
um in 2017 I came to the realization
that I was disconnected from the people
that mattered most to me and I realized
that I had lost
meaningful connection to my husband and
children
uh and in that moment decided to quit my
job
unenroll the kids from school and travel
the world so that was leading up to this
work uh and and surge of connection to
my heart
it was about at the end of that Journey
where someone introduced me to Joe and
uh and I began working with Joe and
Ernest in the months that followed and
for me it was the culmination of that
search for connection to my heart that
brought Joe into my life what was it
that you learned about yourself in in
those first interactions that made you
recognize that this was going to be a
fruitful
Avenue of exploration well for starters
I will say
um my first one-on-one with Joe about
five minutes in I said holy you're
a therapist and I hate therapy I hate
anything over pertaining to or I used to
anything ever pertaining to it and I
felt like it was self-indulgent
and I was really the sort of person that
that gleaned value from providing for
others and putting others needs before
myself
so initially going into the work once I
first got to know Joe I have to tell you
I was extremely resistant Brett and and
I felt like I don't have the time for
this I'm a mom I'm working I need to be
spending time with my team and my family
and I know I don't need to dwell on all
this stuff so um so I put up quite the
fight going in it was really interesting
to see how Joe responded to that but I
eventually came out the other side and
I'm so glad that I did tell me a little
bit about that moment of having of
coming out the other side when did this
really start to crack for you and the
thing that I'm kind of pointing to here
is this resistance to self-indulgence
and this is this is something that's
very common that people have which is I
I don't need to spend the time on myself
I don't need to spend resources or
or indulge in in exploring and becoming
more aware of who I am and aware of what
my wants are because
you know what's more important is I'm
taking care of everyone else in my life
and it seems like that's a flavor of the
resistance that you brought into it what
what started to crack that open for you
for me the significant shift happened at
a week-long course that Joe holds called
groundbreakers and uh he calls it a
retreat but we joke with him that
there's nothing Retreat about it it's
definitely an intensive and it was
during that week that my heart literally
broke open and I realized my full
capacity for love and I know that sounds
ridiculous but up until that point
even though I was searching for
connection to my heart I was very much
operating from a place of mind and gut
and I think if I'm being really honest I
was always holding a little piece of
myself back whether it was for fear of
being hurt I don't know that I fully
appreciated and understood what my full
capacity for love was both for self and
others and that shift happened during
that week
and the impact that followed was really
profound in my life what does that mean
for you to have been mostly operating
from your mind and your gut it means I
was totally disconnected from my body
every move that I made was cerebral and
intentional and thoughtful in a way but
I wasn't really listening to my feelings
or my emotions I'd really decided to
push those down and what was pointed out
to me is that from a very young age
we're trained out of our emotions
and particularly for women in the South
you know don't get angry
um don't cry and then growing up in
Corporate America and particularly in
Tech in the 90s that was just
exacerbated you know if you are a woman
and emotional that was just the end of
your career and so I had learned to
operate from that place as a way of
surviving or at least that's what I told
myself and so long as I could separate
myself from what I actually felt that it
was impossible for me to be my most
effective in my job and how wrong how
very wrong I was and I realized that in
the the weeks and months that followed
groundbreakers tell me a little bit more
about how that suppression of those of
those emotions a lot of it being
societal much of it sort of specific to
be being a woman in the South and then
exacerbated by being a woman in Tech
especially in the 90s how was that
impacting the way that you made
decisions and the way that you showed up
professionally and also how did that
impact your personal life so
I made decisions based on what I was
gonna what was going to serve my family
over myself so I put my own needs on on
the back burner but then something
really interesting had started to happen
Brett
as I got older and and more recently was
I started to realize that decision
making became difficult I started a loop
and get stuck
and I I learned through this work that
that was a sign of emotion that needed
to be moved
and it was extremely clearing for me
once I had let myself have access once I
was able to once I learned to have
access to things like fear and grief and
anger it was immensely clarifying
and it enabled me to make better
decisions and and it was a massive gift
and with that came along a tremendous
amount of joy and love so you mentioned
at at this groundbreakers Retreat that
your heart broke open and it sounds like
this was a rapid experience that
happened sort of in a moment and
suddenly you became aware of how much
capacity you had to love that had
already been there all the time but you
just hadn't been connected to and I'm
curious in that moment what was it that
opened up in you what did you what did
you see that you hadn't seen before and
how did you come to see it so I can
explain what happened to you and then I
can explain maybe Brett what happened
after the fact it's a little bit hard to
describe but
um after the exercise that we did
um we were moving
we were moving grief and anger came up
for me I should say rage came up for me
which quite quite surprised me it
shocked me and I had a pretty
significant emotional release and at the
end of that release
I was
I was laying on a mat and I looked up to
see one of my colleagues
come into the room
and his face looked like that of a
little boy and I stretched out my arms
to him
and he came down on the mat and curled
up in my arms almost like a child and
this is someone who's much larger than I
am
and throughout the week he'd mentioned
to us that he had a lot of trouble
sleeping he was strung with insomnia and
as soon as I held him
his whole body collapsed and he went
boneless and started to snore he fell
completely asleep and we started to
laugh about it after the fact when we
were debriefing
I expressed the fact that I felt my my
heart had broken open and that I just
was
really feeling this overwhelming sense
of love
and my friend and peer in the group said
and I was the first recipient I felt it
wash all over me so it wasn't just
something that I was feeling the people
around me were feeling it too and the
response was really beautiful
and then coming out of that week
the very first thing I kind of broke the
rules we were supposed to kind of do a
slow reentry and I went straight into
hosting an off-site for our CEO and my
peers uh remotely via Zoom because it
was in the middle of coven
and so there I was at 6 30 in the
morning from Tahoe rounding everybody up
on the suit call and doing a check-in
and we get to me for the check-in
and Brett I'll be damned if I didn't
burst into tears I mean huge sobs and
prior to this I would say I'd cried
maybe three times
in the last 15 years
the birth of my children and the death
of a friend
so to have this sort of emotion on this
call was pretty remarkable
so in response to those tears
one of my colleagues on the on the call
said hey
I'd really like to hug you right now
would it be okay if we hugged you
and everybody went up to their screens
and hugged their cameras
and then we went on with our day it was
really powerful and even my boss's coach
was on the line and he texted me on the
side and was like holy cow what did you
just get out of did you have an
Ayahuasca experience you're like totally
transformed and uh he was like your
energy is so different and it's
beautiful and uh at the end of that day
we were doing a checkout and one of my
peers said I just want to say how much I
admire Carla
and whenever I'm stuck and trying to
figure out what to do I think about her
and what she would do and again I
started a ball again
and
the closeness
that that brought from that team moving
forward was really really powerful
it was also my realization that I needed
to leave that job and my boss saw
straight through me
in that moment so that's what the work
looked like yeah what was that like to
have had that realization and also have
your boss see straight through you I
assume that what you mean by that is he
saw that you saw that you needed to
leave that job yeah as soon as the
meeting ended he called me and he said
what time do you land
and by the time I landed he was at my
front door the next day we went on a
walk
and I don't know that I fully come to
appreciate that I needed to leave my job
at that point
I will tell you on that walk I was able
to State my wants and needs very clearly
without any shame which was super
empowering
and I will say that since when the time
did come for me to leave
I felt like I had spoken my piece so
um
it was a tremendously clean and high
integrity way
to exit a role and and I felt really
good about it and I also maintain
relationships with that team to this day
and funny enough I ran into members from
that team
at my first speaking engagement coming
out of covid and as I was going up on
stage one of my peers grabbed me and he
said hey Carla I want to tell you
something and I said what and he said I
love you
you know and that that just doesn't
happen you know it's it's it's wild uh
but since doing this work not only have
I felt differently somehow it's given
people the permission to be their
authentic selves and be open with me
yeah that moment that you had described
at groundbreakers were you know a grown
man you said colleague was it was he
actually a work colleague of yours or a
colleague in a program he was part of
the l12 group so I'm part of uh Joe
Hudson's l12 group so it's me plus 11
other folks that he coaches and it was
one of our l12 colleagues so it was a
colleague in the program not somebody
that you work with but you had you had
the experience of a grown man
curling up in your lap and you seeing
him as
more than just a grown man but as a
child and
Finding Your Capacity to love him
in all of what he was in that moment
clearly other people saw it and they
felt it and they described it and I'm
curious how that impacted the way that
you see how you saw your boss for
example when you came back
and when you went for that walk with him
how did you show up differently
having had that experience
with a tremendous amount of compassion
and understanding
and patience
now when I see that people are in fear
in the workplace
or that they're
grieving something or that they're angry
about something I can see it for what it
is and not be triggered by it and not
take it on
and show up in a way that that holds it
for them if they need me to but it's not
consumed by it and I think you know
Brett when one of the other big changes
in me was
going into the work because you know I
saw myself as always giving to others
but in reality what I was doing is
managing everybody
and managing everybody's emotions and
trying to keep everybody happy
and letting go of that has been massive
because what I didn't realize is
is that that wasn't fun or enjoyable for
the people that I love
and you know I thought I was serving
them all this time but in reality I was
it doesn't feel good to admit but it was
a form of manipulation yeah I'm curious
how how much dropping that projection
dropping that that way of relating makes
it so that others could show up and tell
you hey I really want to tell you that I
love you yeah because they might feel
that that is something that you might
receive uh and not be
contrary to whatever plans or management
you have for them that's exactly right I
mean when you get out of the way
it's really remarkable
for example I just came back for my
second long intensive uh with Joe and
while the movement wasn't as significant
there during the week-long as it was for
groundbreakers the movement after the
fact was really significant for me and
it was because a big part of the week
was dropping rolls the roles that we
play
and manager is one of them for me and
managing to outcomes and during that
week it was my husband's birthday coming
up on Friday and I was going to fly back
Friday and was running the risk of not
making his birthday and all the years my
husband and I have been together I've
never missed his birthday I always make
a really big deal out of birthdays
and funny enough because I was in the
week-long I just didn't get to planning
anything
and rather than feeling shame or guilt
around that I just let it go
and the wildest thing happened
as I was away I started to get text
messages from my 17 year old son hey Mom
could you send me Dad's friend's contact
information uh hey Mom I grabbed your
credit card is it okay if I buy dad a
new golf club hey Mom I'm gonna order a
cake for Dad and some barbecue and I'm
gonna invite his friends over on Friday
so with me stepping out of that role and
dropping that roll I'll be damned if my
17 year old son didn't
show up for it in a way that I never
would have thought to ask and he uh
showered his dad in love and made it a
really big deal and my husband in return
never felt more loved because his own
son planned everything so it was really
really special and I've seen that happen
in the workplace too but just at home
that was really wild to see and really
gratifying yeah I'm really curious about
the the difference of the experience of
your son from you know you you doing all
the planning and like asking your son to
do a certain to-do list of things and
him
just coming up with these ideas and
taking full ownership of them yeah I
mean it was better than what I would
have come up with
so and I'm sure it felt a lot
he initiated it all and you did it from
a place of love and what he wanted for
his dad yeah and so now now I'm curious
about how
if you if you find yourself no longer
taking the management role or being
aware of when you're in that role of
being the manager and the the overseer
how do you relate to perhaps the fear
that might have underlied that which is
that if I don't manage everybody around
me things won't get done or everyone
else will have to do everything for me
and then they'll resent me how has that
structure
shifted or evolved I've had a slightly
nuanced flavor of it Brett so my flavor
of that has been
I really kind of zeroed out at that
Retreat I had lost all the rules and one
of the things that that Joe said to me
coming out of it is don't build back too
soon
and we're almost two months out and I
still haven't built back and
um the fear for me has taken more of a
flavor of wow do I not care anymore am I
disengaged am I depressed is this okay
but then what's really wild is I'm
starting to see it play out in really
beautiful ways like when I get out of
the way
it gets replaced by something better and
I was on a call
probably a few weeks after the
The Retreat and it was
probably one of my favorite meetings to
date in this new job and we had about
eight people on the call
and it was people early stage career
Veterans of the industry discussing the
new brand of the company that we're
going to roll out
and I just asked questions
and view format so how what questions
vulnerably and partially with empathy
and wonder
and through that
something which I've recently learned to
be called group intelligence took over
and the group began to push each other
and challenge each other and debate and
push further and title didn't matter
level didn't matter
and we got to the best possible outcome
and all I did was just facilitate I
asked I asked questions so
that's what it looks like now versus
before I would start the call with hey
here's what we need to achieve before
this call is over this is what I think
we should do blah blah blah blah and
really start to dictate and this was
very different and it was
what came out on the other side was much
better than what I could have envisioned
or what I would have played myself
and it really did Leverage
the group
so the the some of the parts were
greater yeah how much how much have you
seen that trickle down in the teams that
you manage and then the way that they
show up to the teams that they manage
how has that permissioning of letting go
of that role and facilitating the group
intelligence
how has that percolated through the
through the team or through the company
if at all
uh regardless of others having contact
with with this work directly through Joe
or just just being in contact with you
and experiencing
your change it's a few different ways I
had a peer tell me
early on probably well a few months in I
offered to give me some feedback and I
said yeah of course please and he said
I love your feminine Vibe you have
brought this energy to our team that we
really needed we were just a ton of
testosterone and now you bring humor and
you laugh at yourself and You're
vulnerable when you don't understand
something and if you don't get something
right you say how you're gonna fix it
and and he said and you've given us all
permission to do the same
and it's been super fun to have you on
the team and I'm grateful that you're
here and that for me was just like wow
that was the most that was the ultimate
compliment that felt amazing
the other way that I've seen it show up
is interestingly enough I'm triggered
when people don't ask questions when
people talk at each other
and I've started to say it out loud
and so now members of my team and my
organization are starting to ask how
what questions even though they haven't
been through view they're starting to
see me do it and they're starting to
model it and then the last part I would
say Brett that I'm seeing is
I'm starting to see more emotion and
love and openness with emotion I just
pulled my team together for the first
time in person
and the first thing that one of the
people on my team noticed was wow there
is a lot of emotion in the room and I
said absolutely and that's awesome
you know people are really expressing
themselves vulnerably and I almost
wonder if it's not just related to me in
the work but also related to this time
that we've just been through
and it's just these two things coming
together at the perfect time which is
people are are also really longing for
connection
so I think that makes people more open
to me in this state with the way that
you'd seen people in that role having
that role Fall Away now it sounds like
you're able to see a deeper level of
what people want and what they need
rather than just seeing what they want
or need from a to-do list standpoint or
from getting things done you're also
seeing a deeper layer of what their
emotional needs are and the underlying
social Medallion need for connection
that we all have
and that's it sounds like that's really
helping you
to really see more of the the value and
the potential in a team as well as
show up in a way that brings people
together to be communicating in a more
effective way yeah and I'll I'll even
add something to it Brett so
I've come to learn that
my wants and needs are the wants and
needs of the organization
so I feel that it's my responsibility
to express them whereas before I push
them down right and now when my team is
expressing their wants and needs and
sometimes I have to pull it out of them
I literally validate them by saying hey
if you are feeling a certain way
it's because your team or your
organization feels that way
and you owe it not only to yourself but
to them to say it out loud it doesn't
have to be perfect it can be messy but
let's talk about it
the other thing that we talk a great
deal about is and this was something
that one of the l12 colleagues said that
has really stuck with me
how cool is it that your body shines a
light on the very thing that you need to
deal with
so if there's discomfort in your system
if you literally don't feel good about
something if there's resistance or
friction in you that's a thing we need
to go deal with let's go unlock that and
uh and I've made an open invitation for
folks to bring those things out into the
open it sounds like that Journey Through
the fear of self-indulgence
has unlocked your ability to see others
needs as valid whereas when when you
were living in living in the belief
system that your needs
getting your needs met doing therapy
with yourself would be self-indulgent
and that you needed to take care of
others
they also seem to be this way that you
saw others as not being able to take
care of their own needs and if they did
that might be self-indulgent perhaps and
that projection started to fall away
when you started to really let yourself
have needs and let yourself
honor your feelings as something
pointing to some deeper Truth for you
that is good for your entire company or
your family
found Brett I had not realized that
I had not realized that until you just
said it but it's very true
and I've seen it my own children I've
never felt more connected to my kids
than I do right now
whereas before if one of my kids would
throw a fit or be upset about something
or cry
I would try and make them feel better
but now
I sit with them in it
and if they feel like crying let's cry
and flooded out
if they feel like having an anger
session let's whale on the bed with the
tennis racket and it's been
transformative and I never realized it
until you just said it that's so crazy I
wasn't meeting people's needs at all I
wasn't validating their needs at all I
was just trying to fix it all the time
and I think that's why the response to
me has been so different
wow thank you
that was just a question yeah no there
was an Insight in it yeah yeah so I'm
curious what advice you would have for
somebody who's been listening to this
who feels connected to to that that
trauma that you described of
not feeling like they can indulge in
their own feelings or that it's safe to
or that Society will allow it or that
it's even good for them or for others
around them
and they don't have the availability to
come to a course maybe they could do one
of the online courses but you know maybe
they're not going to make it to a
groundbreakers and have the experience
that you just described
but what would you have to say to
somebody who feels that way
and
what advice would you have for them to
to be able to feel through this and move
through this on their own from learning
from your experience so Joe says
something really beautiful that a quote
all the time which is
um
Joy is the matriarch of all the emotions
and her children are fear grief and
anger and in order for her to live in
her house she has to be with her
children so I think it starts with
giving yourself permission
to feel all the emotions and to access
them
and to reconnect to them because in that
there is Clarity of decision making and
it can also bring tremendous Clarity to
to wants and needs which is the second
part of my advice which is
get clear on what you want and need
and articulate it
because that gives permission for those
around you that you care about to
articulate their wants and needs and
it's one of the the best ways to drive a
true meaningful relationship with
someone whether it's a work colleague or
or a friend or family member and I think
the last thing is get curious ask lots
of questions
in particular When In conflict
if you're in conflict with someone or
something get curious
get into Wonder
ask a ton of how what questions uh it's
unbelievable if you have an open mind
what you'll learn and unlock and
sometimes the very thing that you
thought was a point of contention
actually ends up being a solution how do
you experience the difference between
asking a asking an open-ended how what
question from Curiosity a curiosity
that's deeply felt in your body with
true openness to
to what you might get back versus asking
how what question formulaically
as a defense or from from an unknown
trigger
how is that something that's shifted for
you and what are some breadcrumbs that
you could offer for for others who might
be walking that path I think early days
when I was learning The View format
trying to ask how what questions
vulnerably and partially with empathy
and wonder I was missing the impartial
part because I was trying to drive to an
outcome with my questions I was trying
to to get people to see a certain point
or to change their mind
and that's not the process the process
is to literally get curious and to
remove your your partiality from it so
for me the difference is asking
questions from a place of huh
I wonder what this person is really
feeling what about this particular issue
is creating fear in them
and that makes all the difference if
you're not trying to lead the witness or
drive to an outcome or trying to prove a
point or change somebody's mind
what you can learn is really profound
yeah the impartiality is often the
trickiest part and I think you you
pointed to it there when when you were
talking about being curious about what
they might be afraid of I find that I'm
unable to be curious if someone else's
fear unless I'm aware of my own and so
part of part of coming to that
impartiality is finding out what what
makes me want to drive a conversation
towards a particular outcome and then
what's the helplessness that I need to
feel
to let go of that particular level of
attachment to outcome so that I can be
curious if I'm allowing myself to feel
my fear then I can allow myself to feel
and be with their fear that's
interesting because that is the other
side of the coin right I mean if you are
triggered in a conversation
and you take a moment to check in
yourself and with yourself and and try
to understand what is it that I'm
feeling
is it
that there's something here that I need
to deal with that's unrelated or related
or do I have a boundary that's being
crossed or what what's happening in my
system right now doing that check-in
before you start to
try to impact the other person is so
valuable and that's another skill that
I've learned that has been tremendously
powerful as a Latina I'm pretty trigger
happy yeah the circles back to something
you said earlier about the way that you
showed up in your team where you found
that you became triggered when others
weren't showing up curiously or when
they were just talking at or past each
other and that you said that now having
having had this gone through these this
work this process you've been owning
that trigger not being triggered you've
been calling it out which is different
than not being aware of your trigger
than trying to change the world around
you but just saying hey wow I'm
triggered right now what I want is I
don't know how do you do that when that
comes up when you're when you're in a
meeting and you feel that trigger and
you're wanting more curiosity in the
room
what does that exactly look like
internally and then externally there are
a few phrases that I'm starting to
employ pretty consistently you're
bringing my attention to them one is oh
wow I need to call out that I'm
triggered right now here's what's
happening in my system
help me understand x and x
and I'm just really open about it and
then the second is I've started to say
hey I need to be vulnerable right now
and here's here's what I'm feeling using
that language interestingly enough I'm
starting to see the people within my
organization use that language
that even people outside of our
organization even even partners and
vendors have started to use that
language with me which is super
interesting oh wow and it softens the
ground for the conversation because
you're like oh wow this person is afraid
to say what they're going to say right
now or they're they're Unsure how it's
going to hit me so I'm going to treat
them with some compassion
and uh and it's been super fascinating
to see it employed yeah that's
fascinating there's a couple things
going on there that I see one is that
by naming the vulnerability that it is
for you to own your trigger and bring it
consciously into the space and first of
all people are gonna either they're
gonna notice you're triggered anyway
and that might trigger them or they're
not going to notice you're triggered and
also not notice that they're triggered
and then you'll both be in a dynamic and
so
speaking to the vulnerability that it is
for you to shine light on the trigger
that is already in the room already
impacting people then that permissions
them to do the same for themselves it
does and it's it's wild to even see the
body language when you say those phrases
so you can see people go from tense to
relax you can see shoulders drop you
would think it would be the other way
around but people soften to the
conversation when you're that open and
it creates an environment of trust I
also noticed something something about
the way that you describe this this
language and the way that you the way
that you bring the trigger up is that I
don't feel any
implication that somebody needs to
change it for you there's an owning of
the trigger and it's your trigger it's
there's something going on in my system
right now and it's telling me something
you know I want I want to know more
about what it is that you're saying to
me I want to know what's what's
underneath that I'm
and there's a there's a way that you're
curious about it because you're not
avoiding feeling that feeling and
demanding
the Curiosity or you know whatever it is
that is
bringing that trigger up in you and that
seems that seems like a really powerful
thing because if you bring
if you bring trigger into the workspace
but it's unowned then that can create a
lot of unsafety and
if you bring it in the way that you
described then it's just a permissioning
for people to be humans and to have
their have their feelings be present in
the room and then you get that higher
higher bandwidth communication with
people that happens when feelings are
welcome exactly and I want people to
realize yes there are going to be things
that trigger you every day all day and
this is a safe place and you can tell me
if I've triggered you if someone else
has triggered you
um it's information
it's been really fun to watch people
open up in that way I think the other
thing that I've done Brett is um I used
to
free this work I used to say okay
there's an action here I want to give an
action and here's the action and here's
who has to do it
now I just say I want a need X yeah how
does that
how does that land in people differently
from the first way the first few times
it was interesting no one picked it up
and because they were so used to my
saying there's an action here uh but now
it's really happening which is super
cool is folks will respond with instead
of me kind of giving an action to
somebody that's aligned to their job
function
now folks who actually want to take on
the challenge regardless of their
function will jump in and be like oh
that's what you want me to I think I can
help I got you or even better sometimes
I'll have multiple people say you know
what Carla we're going to go work on
that together and we'll come back to you
which has been super cool to see too
yeah that seems like it it lets go of
some of the requirement for you to
coordinate the room and allow more of
that group intelligence to come up
exactly where there's an Impulse on
somebody they can just jump in exactly
yeah that's fascinating
so to close this up I'd love for you to
tell me a story of how you showed up in
your family in this new way that you
bring your triggers into this space
either your own Trigger or maybe
somebody in your family who is kind of
modeling this uh or who kind of picked
this up or was permissioned by the way
you showed up to
to really own a trigger in a way that
was super healthy for the for the
relationship well I'll tell a funny
story and then I'll tell the real story
when I when I first started to do the
work my daughter would get upset at
things and if I would start to manage
her or she would stop me and say you
told me to express my emotions I'm
trying to express my emotions and uh and
so it was really sweet because she would
call me out on it if I would ever revert
back I think the the biggest response
was what I said earlier Brett was the
dropping of rolls has created space for
my husband and daughter and son to step
into different roles
the family Dynamic is different and
there's a lower level of anxiety
in the family Dynamic and
I feel extreme extremely connected to my
children I even find that my children
are more affectionate with me than ever
before we've always been an affectionate
family but it's a big deal when you're
17 and 14 year old are still
affectionate with you
and there's a real deep connection there
and I think the last piece and this is
probably one of the ones that is
the most special to me is my kids are
really honest with me they talk to me
about stuff that most teenagers don't
talk to their parents about
and there's this mutual respect and
openness there
that I always dreamed of having with my
kids but now is actually playing out wow
and we talk about all the things you're
not supposed to talk about with
teenagers and really openly and it's
really beautiful yeah that's that's
amazing
I'm curious how how rapidly that shift
occurred in your relationship with your
kids coming out of the first
groundbreakers it was immediate
much like my friend and colleague
described my love washing all over him I
could see that happening with my family
and I could see their response to me so
you showed up and without having
created any new history of experience
with them they just saw they felt you in
a different way and that allowed them to
that permission them to open up yeah it
was energetic and then coming out of
this second one I would say
um
the shifts have been even greater
and it's just accelerated
been really really huge gift for me
personally and professionally because
we're one person that's the other gift
of all of this is you know there's no
work Persona and home persona it's all
one person yeah we take all this stuff
from home into the workplace and vice
versa yeah and if we if we don't own
that we bring our personal life into the
workplace we pretend that they're
separate then we just show up with a
bunch of unspoken subtext that gets in
the way that's right and undermine
ourselves in our teams well thank you so
much Carla I really really love this
conversation and I'm so glad that you
joined us thank you this has been such a
gift Brett I really appreciate it
thanks for listening to the art of
accomplishment if you enjoyed what you
heard today please subscribe and rate US
on your podcast app we'd love your
feedback so feel free to send us
questions or comments you can reach out
to us join our newsletter or check out
our courses at Art of accomplishment.com
[Music]